Indi:
    Describe your current gender identity
Neutrois transgender. I have a gender, but it's not male, or female, or a combination of the two. I have medically transitioned to help deal with physical dysphoria, and I'm still working on how to present in a way that both reflects how I see myself, and avoids social dysphoria and misgendering. Mostly that ends up involving brightly-colored but simple androgynous clothing, and a lot of queer signifiers (unnatural-color dyed hair, kink accessories, etc).
    Describe in brief your path to where you are now
I am AMAB, and I grew up feeling like an odd-kid-out, but my childhood was so sheltered that I barely remember making any choices for myself until I got on the internet and found furry in my mid-teens. The idea of being an animal-person resonated with me on some deep level that I still struggle to explain, and helped me figure out who I was more than anything else to that point.
From there, furry and college exposed me to the possibilities of queer culture, which gave me some of the tools to get a handle on those weird-kid feelings. I'd never been comfortable with the expectations of traditional masculinity, but femininity didn't feel right to me either. Being a gay male at first seemed like a helpful third way, but when I ran across the idea of non-binary genders (initially via transhumanist science fiction author Greg Egan), it resonated with me as strongly as my first exposure to furry had.
Over the next few years I tried out that sort of gender presentation myself in a variety of furry roleplay spaces, and along the way started hearing more about transgender issues, both from media and from friends who had or were starting to transition. I began to realize that a lot of my discomfort with myself and with masculinity, and my draw toward this other way of being, were very well-explained by gender dysphoria. However, it also seemed clear that at the time (the mid 2000's) there were no good options to transition to anything but female.
So I spent the next almost-a-decade feeling stuck and mostly trying to not think about it, getting my solace by RPing as neutral-gender synthetic critters online. Things finally changed in 2013 when other furry friends started their own transitions, bringing the suppressed dysphoria feelings flooding back, but also helping me realize that there were now the beginnings of alternative non-binary approaches to transness and transition. So, since then I've been doing my best to navigate those new paths, with the help of plenty of very supportive folks in the furry and postfurry communities, and I feel like I've finally gotten a handle on how to really be myself.
    Did furry help with your path to your identity? If so, how?
Furry helped a lot by being a place where the answers to basic questions of identity (species, gender) are almost always fill-in-the-blank. At its best, furry treats identity as consensual and fluid; you are what you say you are, and what you say you are may change and evolve in the future, temporarily or permanently. Anthropomorphic forms also provide a rich toolkit of options for bodily self-expression, with countless species real and imaginary, and a mix-and-match approach to species signifiers and primary/secondary sexual characteristics. All this allowed me to keep tweaking, trying different ways of being me until I found the one that felt the most comfortable and accurate.
    Are there any ways in which furry hindered your path? If so, how?
For all its apparent diversity, furry does seem to have some hidden assumptions that can make things difficult. Especially in furry chat venues, a common expectation is that sex will happen or at least be discussed, which means many choices about presentation and identity are interpreted in sexual terms, especially those around gender. The "what do you have in your pants" question, the archetypal inappropriate question for trans folks, is almost always on the table, and the terminology used shows it, with genital-focussed slur/pornography terms used without much expectation that anyone might find them offputting. Further, presentations that seem difficult to interact with sexually, like those that de-emphasize both masculinity and femininity, will generally be given the side-eye or pointedly ignored.
    Are you comfortable expressing your identity within the subculture? If so, why? If not, why?
Furry is a culture where the norm is to choose a name and an alternate appearance, practically as a (sometimes literal) badge of membership. Even when the details are missed, even when people sometimes find it odd that there's a close relationship between the fursona and the individual behind it, even when the terms others use for me are ignorant of offensive, furry culture is at least acquainted with the possibility of an identity that is different from the immediately-apparent human face. That, by itself, makes it more possible to be myself within furry.
And better yet, there are spaces inside the broader culture where none of that is a problem, where I feel perfectly comfortable, where everyone takes for granted that species and gender and identity and presentation are weird complex mutable things and all that matters about someone is what they say they are. To me, that embodies the best that furry has to offer, and I have a hard time imagining such spaces coming about without the broader context of furry identity to inspire them.
    Ditto for outside the subculture.
The advent of the non-binary/genderqueer community, and the increased visibility of transgender people and issues in culture generally, have made this a lot better in recent years. It's still hard work; I still have to pick my way between everyone's expectations of what's masculine and feminine, the insistence that any personal pronouns beyond 'she' and 'he' are grammatically incorrect, those little M and F checkboxes on every form from the dentist's office to the DMV, but I'm fortunate to live in a liberal city in a time when it's becoming more and more obvious that things are more complex than most folks have assumed. I still wish I could have a little profile link visible above my head, something that would list gender and pronouns (and maybe species!) to anyone who bothered to look at it, but I'm far more comfortable with myself and as myself than I was before I started transitioning, and I feel very happy and fortunate for that.
    How comfortable are you with your current identity? Does it fit? Do you wish you could go further but feel you can’t? Do you think you’ve gone too far?
Even three years ago I never would have believed I would be able to go this far, to feel like I've almost entirely managed to express myself as the human-AU version of a glowy swishy neutral-gendered rave critter. It hasn't always been easy, and there's still a lot that could be done to make it smoother, but I think I'm in a good place. There's always ways to improve, always new things I think I can try, but each move seems to be smaller than the last, and I'm far more comfortable with myself than I ever could have imagined I'd be when I started trying.

Corgi:
1. Describe your current gender identity
		Trans. MtF
2. Describe in brief your path to where you are now
    Working towards finding a safe environment to transition
3. Did furry help with your path to your identity? If so, how?
    It helped by having open and kind people to talk with, and explore gender   identity with. It's also where I met my partner.
4. Are there any ways in which furry hindered your path? If so, how?
    Nope.
5. Are you comfortable expressing your identity within the subculture? If so, why? If not, why?
    Yes, because furries tend not to care.
6. Ditto for outside the subculture.
    Not yet due to family issues.
7. How comfortable are you with your current identity? Does it fit? Do you wish you could go further but feel you can’t? Do you think you’ve gone too far?
		I currently feel fairly uncomfortable due to not being able to transition, but overall I feel like furry has helped a lot in feeling more comfortable.

Cat:
Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:09 PM]:
So I guess start by describing your current gender identity.

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:09 PM]:
*sits on the couch*

<3

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:10 PM (7/24/16, 4:10 PM)]:
*primes clipboard and lab coat*

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:12 PM]:
Okay, so, right now, at least, I’d say I’m somewhere in genderqueer land, leaning feminine. What that means for me: I’m mostly fine with the body I was born with, but my presentation is a lot more “stereotypically” feminine based on modern American stereotypes.

I feel like I want to wear “girl” clothes and not have them be “girl” clothes, just be my own, worn by…whatever the heck I am that day.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:14 PM]:
Alright, that makes sense :3  Given what I know, you came from a more masculine identity and presentation, though.  What was the journey from that to where you are now like?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:15 PM]:
I started with clothes, because that felt most reversible if I decided I didn’t like it. No one had to know, I could just donate whatever I’d bought and only be out some money.

So I bought a few things I thought might look good, and developed my own style, which I’d wear only at home for a while, then eventually into safe spaces, then eventually just wherever.

After doing that for a while, I switched pronouns once, from he to they, but only amongst people I was comfortable with.

Then I did it publicly. Then I switched again, from he/they to they/she, but only in private again.

And that’s where I am now. We’ll see what’s next. :)

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:18 PM]:
Sweet ^^ Did participation with furry help at all with that?  How, if so?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:19 PM]:
Very much so, yeah. Cat!me is sorta…one step ahead of me, in a lot of ways? Let me unpack that.

It falls back in line with “easily reversible”, like, I can explore just by commissioning some new art, and then deleting it if I decide it doesn’t represent me (though obviously it’s still out there somewhere)

So it’s worked really well, particularly around “I wonder what it’d be like to be in this space sexually” and “I wonder what it feels like to see myself this way”, since both are easy to do and easy to change later.

So I try a bunch of things that are the possible “next step” and then converge on what feels right. “Neutrois” wasn’t it. “Herm” wasn’t it ((please don’t quote that directly but you get me)), etc.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:23 PM]:
Mmhm,

that's fair.

So has furry hindered on the path in anyway?  Again, if so, how?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:25 PM]:
Only a little, I’d say. Sorta to my previous point, there are definitely fetishizing aspects of furry that make it feel a bit fraught with danger.

There’s always that little bit of “please don’t tag this as ‘dickgirl’” that I have to go through every time now.

But I’ve ameliorated that by finding artists that I know are good about it.

So now I just commission them, and I know they’ll shut down any gross commenters so I don’t have to worry about it.

Does that answer the question?

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:29 PM]:
Yeah, though now I'm curious how you deal with comments you'd get direct to you when you post, or stuff like reposts on e621

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:29 PM]:
Depends on how the comment reads, I guess.

If it’s obviously trolling, I’ll usually just ignore it or block them.

If they seem just genuinely misinformed, I can usually engage, I’ve had pretty good luck with that? Obviously other folks have had different experiences.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:30 PM]:
Sure, that makes sense, yeah.

So are you comfortable expressiong your current identity within furry as a whole?  i know you mentioned the sort of 'in private' vs. 'in the wild' before.  Why or why not?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:33 PM]:
Yeah, for a few reasons.

1) The consequences that directly impact me are a lot less likely to be problems. I’m not going to lose my job or an opportunity at a job, I’m not going to have to work with the random troll every day, etc etc.

It’s a lot easier to disengage, I guess, as long as I keep myself honest on it.

2) Everyone’s already primed to the concept of an ideal self, even straight cis furries, so “my ideal self is me, but with different bits” feels really easy to explain most of the time.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:36 PM]:
Mmhm.  Is that not the case for outside of furry?

I mean… do you have further words on that beyond just contrasting to furry?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:36 PM]:
Less so, yeah.

“If I show up to this interview in a dress, it’ll raise questions” is something I had to deal with a lot during my last job search, for example.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:38 PM]:
Mmhm, yeah.

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:38 PM]:
((Trying not to directly reference past conversations. :P))

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:39 PM]:
Last one I have written down, but it's kinda big

((Hee, makes sense, yeah ^^))

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:39 PM]:
Okay~

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:40 PM]:
How comfortable are you with your current identity?  That is, does it fit? Do you wish you could go further but feel you can't? Do you ever feel you've gone too far?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:40 PM]:
That’s several questions in one, yeah. :)

Right now, I’m pretty fine with it. Mostly. I’m not convinced that HRT would be right, so I’m not doing it, and I’ve been able to “avoid” using it so far just by exploring other ways.

There aren’t really any ways in which I think I’ve gone too far.

The “next step” is coming out at work. I don’t currently feel capable of doing that. So that’s probably the way that I feel I’d “go further” that I can’t currently.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:44 PM]:
Do you feel much social pressure to go down the path of HRT?  From within or from outside of furry

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:45 PM]:
Not from within furry, no. From within the broader trans community, there’s definitely a tendency to feel like I’m not “trans enough”

If I were, I’d need to do the thing everyone else is doing, right?

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:46 PM]:
Mmhm, I get that, yeah.

Do you think being trans within furry is a net win?

(trans, here, as an umbrella term)

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:47 PM]:
Yeah, for sure.

It’s definitely helped me figure out my own sexuality, if nothing else.

And I know a lot of cool trans furries.

So that’s pretty helpful too, having good friends with both a shared interest and a nominally-similar life history.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:48 PM]:
((we're basically off script, now, but I'm having fun asking cats things ^^))

Mmhm!

How does sexuality interact with gender for you?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:48 PM]:
That’s a kinda AD question, am I allowed to be explicit? :P

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:49 PM]:
Answer however you want.  anything that won't fit won't wind up in the article, and you'll certainly get to approve or reject anything from your section :3

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:49 PM]:
Gotcha~

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:49 PM]:
I'm just genuinely curious ^^

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:49 PM]:
Mmhm!

Basically, I get off a lot easier when my headspace isn’t the…stereotypical gay male headspace, I guess?

I don’t really enjoy the “you are the top, you are the bottom, we do these things and these things only” interplay at all anymore.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:52 PM]:
I'm trying to think of how to word this.

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:52 PM]:
It’s a lot more rewarding to be more cerebral, take some time to do things that are fun and explore new spaces rather than just get off?

And that’s the center of about fifty thousand Cosmo articles probably, around “wICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:53 PM]:
...oman” in that respect, even if I suspect that that’s probably bullshit?

That got really rambly.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:53 PM]:
Ohhh, yeah, that makes sense though

Do you think that the shift to where you are now is a maturation, in the sense of you're growing into something that was destined to happen, or that tastes just change over time?

ICE (3) Russel Reed, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:55 PM]:
It’s impossible for me to know.

It’s certainly true that it’s felt easier living in California than in the deep south.

But I have no idea, had I continued to live in the deep south, if I would have been able to ignore it, or if it ever would have been sparked in the first place.

Madison Scott-Clary, [Jul 24, 2016, 4:58 PM]:
((Telegram is glitching, one sec))

Huh.  Okay.

That makes sense, yeah.
